Strategy No.2:
Play on the difference of curency values on different exchanges at the same time. For example if XVG on Bitfinex rose sharply, XVG on Binance might still take a while to rise, so it might be worth it to buy coin on Binance, as it should reach the Bitfinex's price in a short while.

Strategy No.3:
Play on the differences of currency values within the same exchange. For example after sharp increase in price of BTC/OMG, ETH/OMG might still be catching up, so buying OMG for ETH and selling for BTC might be profitable. - Write a bot that runs this analysis across all currencies on exchange.

Strategy No.4:
Analyse possible manipulations of markets with appropriate amounts of buy and sell spread. 
(Like investing 0.1 bitcoin is going to raise the price by 100%. And what is the imact of that? - Try it a few times)

Strategy No.5 - Need to try it again in a couple months.
Invest in very small coins, as they might grow a lot one day. Research youtube videos and influencers with followings that harp on promoting them.

Strategy No.6 - Longerm.
Invest in promising ICOs with the best looking websites (Although the best return from tron is like 114 times, I dont think its worth the trouble)

Strategy No. 7:
Wallet on maintenance means the price of currency increases somewhere. Need to figure out where and sell it.

Strategy No. 8 - Bad one. Many people do it, not worth, complex to set up. Mine are better.
Pump and dump. A lot of people do it, must be worth it. Al

Strategy No. 9:
Monitor "Recently Added" tab on coinmarketcap.com, and invest for a good solid 10-20% increase.

Strategy 10:
Remember to withdraw a part of your winning at the end of the month. Dont want to have everything in cryptos.

Strategy 11: 
Market Cap analyser <- analyse currency prices on the different markets (using MarketCap)


Goal: find the strategy that can deliver the most profit. 
I think Strategies 1, 3, 9  are the best.




Strategy 10:
Website like http://coinmarketcal.com where people can add buy signals and be thanked for it (by providing address)